for this problem we can reuse the top K element
code First let us change the min heap logic into
Max heap logic
And then let us rename the function
Get Top K Elements into Kth
Smallest element Next we need to construct the max heap for
the first K elements
This build heap statement will do exactly that
so we don't need to change it
We can keep the statement next we need to compare the
remaining elements with the value of root note
And if it is lesser than the root we need
to replace the root value and call heapify function
So in this if else statement just changed the greater
than simple into lesser than simple
And that's it
After the execution of this loop the Kth smallest element
will be present at the root node and we can
just return it so write return array of zero.